Word frequency histogram.

Use any language you choose to create an app that will get a text file as input and provide
its word histogram as output. – display only words that appear more then 1 time in the text.

The program will be tested with the following text:

“Progforce, more than anything else, is a league of extraordinary talent - sought, refined,
and dedicated to providing the most impeccable intelligence and service. Our team of professional
software developers are specially chosen through a process of selection based not only on training,
but conception and creative application. Our people don't just plug in the numbers. Our people
create custom solutions for custom needs.”

The output should be:

of => 3
and => 3
our => 3
custom => 2
people => 2
the => 2

rules:

1) the process should be case insensitive (we don’t care about Capital or Lowercase).
2) A word should be at least 2 characters long.
3) Ignore special characters like “.,:” etc. one exception of this rule is words like: don’t.

Interface:

Here you have the freedom to show off your creativity. The bare minimum is to write a program that will read the input from a plain text file, and print the output the the screen.


Optional (you don’t have to do this part – do it for the fun ... ):

Create a web page where a user can upload a text file , or copy/paste text to an input field –  after submitting the , the next page will have the results.
Show a bar graph showing the results using Google charts
Get as input a url, let the program make an http request to this url , give as output the word count of the text/html you’ve got as response
Add your own creative features


Deliveries:

Send us :

 the source code with a short explanation.
 Screenshots or a screencast of the program execution uploaded to Youtube or Google drive (or any other similar service).
Optional:

       Send a url with the working app.

Bonus challenge:

       Use one of the following frameworks to create the interface:  http://www.meteor.com  or  http://www.famo.us

       You don't have to do it and its totally fine if you do it any other way,